Updated components for mentioning layer deletion in Adobe XD (#537)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/dropdown.md

## Item Layout Template

> The Dropdown Item supports flexible icon and label templating. In Sketch, the smart layout rules applied to the item content template lets you remove the icon and have a label-only item when you set the icon to ~No Symbol from the overrides panel. While in Adobe XD, the use of stacks lets you achieve that by deleting the unused layer. By default, the icon is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dropdown Item supports flexible icon and label templating. In Sketch, to show the icon you have to set its override to Icon/Medium and the smart layout rules will adjust the item layout automatically. In Adobe XD, the same is possible by making the icon layer visible and leaving it to the Stack to adjust the layout automatically, however, if you don't need items with icons in the content, simply delete the icon layer.
```
